h1. Vim

It is recommended that you use gVim in either Windows or Linux and MacVim for Mac. Downlaod from:
* (Windows) http://www.vim.org/download.php#pc
* (Mac) http://code.google.com/p/macvim/downloads/list

h1. Usage

Clone this repo into your home directory either as .vim (linux/mac) or vimfiles (Windows). Such as:

<pre><code>
git clone git://github.com/mindmirror/vimfiles.git ~/.vim
</pre></code>

Now just copy (or symlink) the .vim/vimrc file as .vimrc (Mac/Linux) or copy as _vimrc (Windows) in your home directory. In Mac and Linux, the easiest thing to do is:

<pre><code>
ln -s ~/.vim/vimrc ~/.vimrc
</code></pre>

If you already have a custom .vimrc file, append the following lines to load everything else along with your personal hacks:

<pre><code>
source ~/.vim/vimrc        "linux
source ~/vimfiles/vimrc    "windows
</code></pre>

h2. Help Tags

At first usage of vim, type ":" while in command mode and execute:

  call pathogen#helptags()

This will make the plugins documentations available upon :help

h2. Dependencies

You will need these dependencies figured out:

* Ruby (for the fuzzy finder pluin)
* Exuberant Ctags (http://ctags.sourceforge.net/)
* Ncurses-term (in Linux only)

In Ubuntu, for example, you will have to do:

<pre><code>
apt-get install exuberant-ctags ncurses-term
</code></pre>

On Windows you have to download Ctags and add ctags.exe in your PATH.

Mac OS X and most Linux distros come with Ruby already. If you're in Windows look for Luis Lavena's latest Ruby Installer (http://rubyforge.org/projects/rubyinstaller/)

h2. Credits

* Original project and most of the heavy lifting: @scrooloose @akitaonrails
